pay attention
Reggio Calabria
at most
giorgio marco mengoni giosuè
let's not hide behind a finger
lamberto married with a handle
because it is more digestible
it is not that it is a video montage but it is a joke in the chaste August of 2001
mail if a viola player
and with these words showed up you are the fans
am low almost 7 years since the summer of the barbaric cyclone Amelia had it
ivaldi today we want to remember those two weeks that made you dream
passionate about sport and laws
Madikwe unfortunately marks for us the beginning of one of the most difficult periods of the
history of black orange blindness
but who was I put barbarian r1 to businessman from Reggio
from the Ionian area, members of a wealthy family working in the sectors
industrial
Barbarian is a dear friend of exchange until a few years before the president of one
viola that in 1998 was saved from failure by a miracle of some
important Calabrian political figures
these men managed to convince the family to take care of the
basketball school and their hometown but the famous designers were the
3 year limit in filling
in 2001 the real therefore found itself without the essence of the project
and here comes this man who comes into contact with the then
casile managing director to express his intention to
buy the strait company
agree on the word is heard immediately
the documents in the property passage would have stopped later
meanwhile I start to act as the owner of the purple trains
barbarous in mind an ambitious project is to make the team become
orange a power of European basketball
the first thing he did was to call charlie, relieved at that moment without
team after being released from the bologna fortitude
anonymous ibiza whistled was intent and convinces the current
coach of the national team to return to train the formation that has it
launched on the lists of Italian basketball benches
with the promise of delivery id a staff able to compete
immediately for the highest levels
cockpit mayers evans by fao
sabonis the context
din kines dolphin ruggeri ilario eboli the bench is not a school from
fantabasket
it was the viola that he was building a beard
almost all the movies with the players were
as we showed you friends of this service also paper now being
he was fascinated by the words of a little man
which was also convincing the icon sabonis to abandon lan ports of the
nba to go to the franchise where nine years before he depicted gandini corsa high school
fireclay
the newspapers played these prestigious names every day
night fans were signing up to subscribe
but then all of a sudden there is something wrong
barbarian born reggio calabria with the motivation of a health problem
unfortunately he will come back
the other little brother stopped the liberations for and will allow me methods
draw from Monju's single evening to carry out this ambitious project
all go on one in a mind recalculated by the lord and then mi namorado di reggio
calabria ripping off private writing
which he would also have mailed if he had not got in the way
among the American people who managed to get a penalty of about
400 million
the dream san that way
a dream that lasts a few moments
the time of a blink of an eye
diana gets up again thanks to the reggino entrepreneur yes
obviously the limelight and piuria distica and more suitable a square as a reggio
calabria
barbarian will still remain in the history of basketball and queen
and evening with a woman who first deceives you and then takes you away
but for a few days the violent dream of dominating the gods of Europe
baskets